<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA 1.1 Task//EN"
  "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="operation">
<title>Test Suite Operation</title>
<shortdesc>This Task topic descibes the process for running the 
Test Suite.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>Obtain a working copy of the tool to be tested, with 
documentation.</prereq>
<context></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Modify the Test Suite as required for the tool under 
test.</cmd>
<info>Note that such modifications should never be to the DITA 
coding itself, but only to the <?dita ... ?> Process Instructions
in the document files.  Ideally, the tool should provide its own
way of specifying options based on rules, and the PIs should be
needed only to indicate local exceptions to those rules.</info>
</step>
<step id="req" importance="required"><cmd>Run the tool on the Test Suite files as instructed by
the tool creator.</cmd>
<info>If the tool provides a GUI, it may be operated from that, 
but it's best if it also provides a method of running from the
command line so that it can be incorporated in automated build
processes.  Ideally, it should also handle checkout from any CMS,
and checkin of any produced files that must be retained.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Compare the output files to the Test Suite expected
result files.</cmd>
<info>Use a differencing tool to make sure that no difference is
overlooked. Many differences are to be expected, but none should
result in output that violates the specified intent of the 
Suite.</info>
</step>
<step id="opt" importance="optional"><cmd>Write a report on the process and the results.</cmd>
<info>Identify the tool by name, version, build, and source. 
Describe the ease or complexity of the setup and operation of
the tool, and any postprocessing required.  Point out all the 
differences between the files output by the tool and the Test 
Suite's expected result files for that output type.</info>
</step>
</steps>
<result>After running the tool on the Test Suite and reporting
to the [dita-users] group on the results, you will have helped
other users to decide if the tool will meet their needs, and 
the tool creator to determine what improvements should be made 
next.</result>
<example></example>
<postreq>File the final report on the DITATestSuite site on 
<keyword keyref="sourceforge"/>.</postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
