<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA 1.1 Concept//EN"
  "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="importance">
<title>Importance</title>
<shortdesc>This topic demonstrates use of the importance
attribute on various elements.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section>
<title>Importance in Steps</title>
<p>For the step element, the importance attribute has a special
role, and just two allowable values: optional and required.  This
is demonstrated in the <xref href="DITATestTask.dita"/> topic,
where step <xref href="DITATestTask.dita#operation/req" type="li"/> is
required and step <xref href="DITATestTask.dita#operation/opt"
 type="li"/> is optional.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Importance in General</title>
<p>For elements other than step, the importance attribute can have
many more values: obsolete, deprecated, optional, default, low,
normal, high, recommended, required, and urgent  The following
simplelist elements use each of those, in the above order:</p>
<sl>
<sli importance="obsolete">This is obsolete.</sli>
<sli importance="deprecated">This is deprecated.</sli>
<sli importance="optional">This is optional.</sli>
<sli importance="default">This is default.</sli>
<sli importance="low">This is low.</sli>
<sli importance="normal">This is normal.</sli>
<sli importance="high">This is high.</sli>
<sli importance="recommended">This is recommended.</sli>
<sli importance="required">This is required.</sli>
<sli importance="urgent">This is urgent.</sli>
</sl>
</section>
<section>
<title>Filtering and Flagging</title>
<p>Importance (other than for step) is in the %select-atts; group,
some of which can be used for filtering, some for flagging, and
some for both. The spec is not clear about which groups importance
is in, merely noting that it <q>provides a range of values for
applications to use as needed</q>.</p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>

